well hello this is Carrie macdade leads
and i'm here in the daily kitchen and
today I'm gonna make easy baked salmon
compliments of cook stop Hama not try
this recipe yet so it looks pretty good
it looks fairly easy which is good
because you know in all honesty I've
never really made fish before I faked it
most of the time sorry guys all the guys
that I dated out there I kind of faked
it um luckily you know living in New
York you have Balducci's that has
already you know precooked things and in
some cases you have like fairway or in
other cases it with whole food then
anyways this is a fairly easy recipe it
calls for salmon and lemons and we have
some lemons here and actually i got my
salmon brush this morning from fresh
direct it calls for lemons some some
white pepper some crystal fine sea salt
let's just call it C solver short garlic
salt oregano chopped Harley parsley
pepper Rica and actually I'm going to
top mine off with some whole grain rice
whole grain blends from near East so
actually a prep for this took me about
10 minutes and me being a little
compulsive like things you know already
pre arranged and you know right corners
left corners and whatever so I'm going
to put this all together and we're going
to try it out all right let's see what
we come up with
okay so we have parsley we have white
pepper salt we have lemon juice garlic
salt oregano melted butter on dry sherry
and the last thing that we're going to
put on this after its baked is going to
be pepper Rica so I'm going to pop this
in the oven at 350 degrees for about 30
minutes so where we popped it in the
oven it's now been in there for about
well about four minutes and I'm getting
excited it's actually smelling really
good by the way this ball is from my
friend Courtney who was away in Paris
and she brought me back this really
sweet bowl that you could do all sorts
of things like like I my lemons in it
right now you know this morning I had
cereal in it the other day I had fruit
and it's just great actually it's it's a
traditional actually cop and when she
said you know you should have your
chocolate hot chocolate or you know your
copy and my God look how deep that is
get certainly a lot of a hot chocolate
in there well we're waiting for the the
salmon to bake well i just took tower
baked salmon out of the oven and it
smells amazing it smells very very yummy
so what i'm going to do is sprinkle it
with some pepper rica and we're just
waiting for our whole grains to finish
cooking there you go got some paprika
action going here and oh it looks very
good in
Elle's delicious
well there you have it we have our baked
salmon which looks really good our near
near East whole grain pecan garlic
roasted starch here and we have a green
salad with some cucumber and carrots so
I'm going to give this a try and I will
let you know how it is oh that's good oh
that's really good I honestly got
organic salmon from whole foods and this
is really good organic salmon from
awesome Alaska mm-hmm well this is Terry
with daily eats wishing you all a
delicious and delightful day
you